C:\Users\Daniel\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\DiceRoller\bin\Debug\DiceRoller.exe.config
C:\Users\Daniel\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\DiceRoller\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Daniel\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\DiceRoller\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.vb
C:\Users\Daniel\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\DiceRoller\obj\Debug\Application.g.vb
C:\Users\Daniel\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\DiceRoller\obj\Debug\DiceRoller_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Daniel\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\DiceRoller\obj\Debug\DiceRoller.g.resources
C:\Users\Daniel\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\DiceRoller\obj\Debug\DiceRoller.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Daniel\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\DiceRoller\obj\Debug\DiceRoller.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Daniel\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\DiceRoller\bin\Debug\DiceRoller.exe
C:\Users\Daniel\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\DiceRoller\bin\Debug\DiceRoller.pdb
C:\Users\Daniel\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\DiceRoller\bin\Debug\DiceRoller.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\DiceRoller\obj\Debug\DiceRoller.exe
C:\Users\Daniel\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\DiceRoller\obj\Debug\DiceRoller.xml
C:\Users\Daniel\AppData\Local\Temporary Projects\DiceRoller\obj\Debug\DiceRoller.pdb
e:\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DiceRoller\DiceRoller\bin\Debug\DiceRoller.exe.config
e:\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DiceRoller\DiceRoller\obj\Debug\DiceRoller.exe
e:\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DiceRoller\DiceRoller\obj\Debug\DiceRoller.xml
e:\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DiceRoller\DiceRoller\obj\Debug\DiceRoller.pdb
e:\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DiceRoller\DiceRoller\bin\Debug\DiceRoller.exe
e:\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DiceRoller\DiceRoller\bin\Debug\DiceRoller.pdb
e:\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DiceRoller\DiceRoller\bin\Debug\DiceRoller.xml
e:\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DiceRoller\DiceRoller\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
e:\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DiceRoller\DiceRoller\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.vb
e:\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DiceRoller\DiceRoller\obj\Debug\Application.g.vb
e:\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DiceRoller\DiceRoller\obj\Debug\DiceRoller_MarkupCompile.cache
e:\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DiceRoller\DiceRoller\obj\Debug\DiceRoller.g.resources
e:\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DiceRoller\DiceRoller\obj\Debug\DiceRoller.Resources.resources
e:\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DiceRoller\DiceRoller\obj\Debug\DiceRoller.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
